multi_aocx tutorial initial implementation (#1)
renlizha/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/multi_aocx/device_link/README.md

| Hardware                          | Intel&reg; Programmable Acceleration Card (PAC) with Intel Arria&reg; 10 GX FPGA <br> Intel&reg; FPGA Programmable Acceleration Card (PAC) D5005 (with Intel Stratix&reg; 10 SX) <br> Intel&reg; FPGA 3rd party / custom platforms with oneAPI support <br> **Note**: Intel&reg; FPGA PAC hardware is only compatible with Ubuntu 18.04*
| Software                          | Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
| What you will learn               | How to use the `device_link` flow tests to parallelize the compiles of multiple images
| Time to complete                  | 30 minutes

> **Note**: Even though the Intel DPC++/C++ OneAPI compiler is enough to compile for emulation, generating reports and generating RTL, there are extra software requirements for the simulation flow and FPGA compiles.
>
> For using the simulator flow, one of the following simulators must be installed and accessible through your PATH:
> - Questa*-Intel® FPGA Edition
> - Questa*-Intel® FPGA Starter Edition
> - ModelSim® SE
>
> When using the hardware compile flow, Intel® Quartus® Prime Pro Edition must be installed and accessible through your PATH.

## Purpose

> The purpose of this tutorial is to describe the `device_link` flow and to show how it can be used to parallelize the individual compiles when users don't need to restructure their code. 

Reviewer: I think this section would be better if we introduce what the device link flow is.
```suggestion
The purpose of this tutorial is to show how to compile FPGA hardware images separately and then link them together to form an executable object. This is called the 'device link' flow or the Static Library flow.```

> ### Using the `device_link` flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the 'device link' flow
```

> `device_link` flow compile each hardware image separately and links all compiled images into a single fat binary.

Reviewer: Check the other samples to see what language we use (eg: "We can compile" vs "You can compile")
```suggestion
In this flow, you can compile each hardware image separately and link all compiled images into a single fat binary. Here are some advantages of this flow:
```

> - Only cpp (aocx) file that changed needs to be recompiled

Reviewer: Also I think this stuff should be mentioned _after_ we show what the commands look like for the flow. Some things become evident automatically then eg: the fact that these can be parallelized.
 
```suggestion
- Only the source file that changed needs to be recompiled to generate the FPGA image.
- The FPGA compilation of different source files can be done in parallel.
```

> - Change to one cpp file requires recompile of executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note the following requirements of this flow:
- Changes to any source file requires recompilation of the final executable object file.
```

> - All aocxs are embedded in single executable binary, therefore not scalable

Reviewer: The PPT used incomplete sentences for brevity I think we can flush out the sentences here.
```suggestion
- All FPGA images (aocxs) are embedded in a single executable binary, therefore is flow does not scale very well with large number of aocxs.
```

> - Recommended for small designs with few aocxs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended for small designs with few aocxs.
```

```
icpx ... vector_mul.cpp -fsycl-link=image -o mul.a
icpx ... vector_add.cpp -fsycl-link=image -o add.a
icpx ... main.cpp mul.a add.a -o main.exe
```
## Key Concepts

> The `device_link` flow method requires the user to separate the host and device code into separate files. When a code change only applies to host-only files, an FPGA device image is not regenerated, avoiding long compile time for your FPGA device.

Reviewer: Key Concept is usually a repetition of what was presented in earlier sections to highlight the key concept. You have introduced some new information here please move that to the earlier section.

```suggestion
The 'device link' flow requires the user to separate the host and device code into separate files. When a code change only applies to host-only files, an FPGA device image is not regenerated, avoiding long compile time for your FPGA device.
```

| Hardware                          | Intel&reg; Programmable Acceleration Card (PAC) with Intel Arria&reg; 10 GX FPGA <br> Intel&reg; FPGA Programmable Acceleration Card (PAC) D5005 (with Intel Stratix&reg; 10 SX) <br> Intel&reg; FPGA 3rd party / custom platforms with oneAPI support <br> **Note**: Intel&reg; FPGA PAC hardware is only compatible with Ubuntu 18.04*
| Software                          | Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
| What you will learn               | How to use the `device_link` flow tests to parallelize the compiles of multiple images
| Time to complete                  | 30 minutes

> **Note**: Even though the Intel DPC++/C++ OneAPI compiler is enough to compile for emulation, generating reports and generating RTL, there are extra software requirements for the simulation flow and FPGA compiles.
>
> For using the simulator flow, one of the following simulators must be installed and accessible through your PATH:
> - Questa*-Intel® FPGA Edition
> - Questa*-Intel® FPGA Starter Edition
> - ModelSim® SE
>
> When using the hardware compile flow, Intel® Quartus® Prime Pro Edition must be installed and accessible through your PATH.

## Purpose

> The purpose of this tutorial is to describe the `device_link` flow and to show how it can be used to parallelize the individual compiles when users don't need to restructure their code. 

Reviewer 2: Same comment as the first tutorial - why would a user want to use this. What are some example use cases for it.

Author: The Purpose section is a one line description of this tutorial, I included more information and use case in the "Using the Flow" section and "Key Concepts". Please let me know if you think the structure can be improved.
